---
title: SG Law Cookies (03 April 2023)
date: 2023-04-03 12:56:19 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 03 April 2023
summary: Welcome to today's blog post, where we summarize recent legal news in Singapore. The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) is focusing on auditing private property purchases that use the "99-to-1" sales contract to circumvent additional buyer's stamp duty (ABSD). This loophole may result in significant penalties for buyers who utilize it for tax avoidance purposes. Additionally, employers in Singapore will have to provide higher medical insurance coverage for work permit and S Pass holders, including domestic helpers. Finally, there is concern among the legal profession in Singapore about the decline in ethical standards. Stricter enforcement and teaching of legal ethics are seen as ways to prevent a further slide. Join us to learn more about these legal developments and their implications.
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

**It's 03 April 2023. Welcome to today's blog post, where we summarize recent legal news in Singapore. The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) is focusing on auditing private property purchases that use the "99-to-1" sales contract to circumvent additional buyer's stamp duty (ABSD). This loophole may result in significant penalties for buyers who utilize it for tax avoidance purposes. Additionally, employers in Singapore will have to provide higher medical insurance coverage for work permit and S Pass holders, including domestic helpers. Finally, there is concern among the legal profession in Singapore about the decline in ethical standards. Stricter enforcement and teaching of legal ethics are seen as ways to prevent a further slide. Join us to learn more about these legal developments and their implications.**

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


The IRAS is auditing private property purchases where the "99-to-1" sales contract is used to avoid paying ABSD. Buyers using this loophole face stiff penalties for tax avoidance. The article also discusses potential implications for co-ownership and warns of potential pitfalls. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Iras-probes-home-buyers-who-used-99-to-1-loophole-to-avoid-paying-ABSD)\]

Employers in Singapore must provide higher medical insurance coverage for work permit and S Pass holders, including domestic helpers. From July 1st, the coverage limit is at least $60,000, up from the current $15,000. Other changes will be implemented from July 2025, including a standard list of allowable exclusions and different premiums for workers aged 50 and below vs. those above. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Employers-must-provide-medical-insurance-coverage-of-at-least-60000-for-maids-migrant-workers-from-July)\]

Singaporean lawyers are breaching ethical standards, raising concerns. The profession must uphold values of honesty, and renew commitments to ethics. Stricter enforcement and teaching of legal ethics can prevent decline. The profession should re-examine goals, guiding future lawyers towards a “calling to participate in the administration of justice.” \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Being-a-good-lawyer-requires-you-to-be-a-good-person-Opinion)\]
