---
title: SG Law Cookies (05 May 2023)
date: 2023-05-05 03:36:05 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 05 May 2023
summary: |
  In Singapore, the law holds sway,  
  As corrupt officials are put in their place.  
  But justice isn't just for those in power,  
  As a man is jailed for a grotesque desire.  
  And a former director is charged for a misstep,  
  Proving no one is above the legal ship.
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

Here's a summary of today's post, in the form of a short poem:

In Singapore, the law holds sway,  
As corrupt officials are put in their place.  
But justice isn't just for those in power,  
As a man is jailed for a grotesque desire.  
And a former director is charged for a misstep,  
Proving no one is above the legal ship.

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


The sentences of The Online Citizen's editor and a contributor, previously jailed for defaming Singapore's Cabinet members, were reduced to fines. The letter included the phrase "corruption at the highest echelons," published by the editor, which didn't directly accuse the Cabinet members of corruption, leading the judge to reduce the sentences to fines. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Jail-term-reduced-to-fine-for-TOC-editor-and-contributor-who-defamed-Cabinet-members)\]

A Singaporean man who drugged his wife and had her raped by five men in fulfilment of his wife-sharing fantasies has been sentenced to 29 years in jail. His co-accused received prison sentences of between three to 22 years. The case is unprecedented in nature, where husbands conspired with other men to drug and rape their own partners. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/29-years-jail-for-man-who-drugged-wife-and-had-her-raped-by-5-men-to-fulfil-wife-sharing-fantasies)\]

Former Hyflux director Lee Joo Hai has been charged for neglecting to disclose vital information on the Tuaspring Project, thereby flouting Singapore Exchange listing rules. Tuaspring's profitability was reliant on electricity sales revenue, which was not disclosed. Lee faces a maximum seven-year jail term or a fine up to S$250,000 if convicted. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Former-Hyflux-director-charged-over-neglect-in-failure-to-disclose-material-information-on-Tuaspring)\]
