---
title: SG Law Cookies (19 April 2023)
date: 2023-04-19 03:36:12 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 19 April 2023
summary: |
  Singapore's legal updates we bring,   
  News of drug rampages and murder's sting,   
  Money mules beware, laws may soon swing,   
  SINGPASS shares could lead to imprisonment's cling,   
  Stay tuned for justice's next fling,   
  As our summaries continue to sing.
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

Here's a summary of today's post, in the form of a short poem:

Singapore's legal updates we bring,   
News of drug rampages and murder's sting,   
Money mules beware, laws may soon swing,   
SINGPASS shares could lead to imprisonment's cling,   
Stay tuned for justice's next fling,   
As our summaries continue to sing.

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


The prosecution in Singapore has appealed for a longer jail term for Soo Cheow Wee regarding his drug-induced rampage in Clementi, which threatened public safety. The defense cited that Soo was psychotic, but prosecutors maintain his history of substance abuse affirms the need for at least five years' corrective training or a jail term of 57 to 63 months. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Prosecution-wants-knife-wielding-man-shot-in-Clementi-removed-from-society-with-longer-jail-term)\]

Singapore is proposing new laws targeting money mules and people who share their SINGPASS password. If passed, it will be a criminal offense to share your SINGPASS password with anyone suspected of criminal activity, or to allow scammers to use your bank account. These changes aim to fight against scams that have cost victims around S$660.7 million. Maximum penalties include a fine of up to S$10,000 or jail time. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/New-laws-proposed-to-target-money-mules-who-feign-ignorance-when-selling-Singpass-bank-accounts-to-scammers)\]

Xavier Yap, accused of murdering his twin sons in Singapore in 2022, will plead guilty to the reduced charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder due to major depressive disorder. The pre-trial conference will be held on May 26, and he is represented by lawyers from Tan Lee & Partners and Advance Law. The twins, who had special needs, were found dead in a canal. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Father-accused-of-killing-twin-sons-to-plead-guilty-to-culpable-homicide-not-amounting-to-murder)\]
