---
title: SG Law Cookies (21 June 2023)
date: 2023-06-21 03:36:12 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 21 June 2023
summary: |
  In Singapore, justice is served,  
  Wirecard Asia's employees have been observed,  
  For their roles in aiding a fraudster's crime,  
  They'll serve jail time for a considerable time,  
  Meanwhile, Aware recommends changes to the WFL,  
  And Singapore's elected president's role is explored as well.
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

Here's a summary of today's post, in the form of a short poem:

In Singapore, justice is served,  
Wirecard Asia's employees have been observed,  
For their roles in aiding a fraudster's crime,  
They'll serve jail time for a considerable time,  
Meanwhile, Aware recommends changes to the WFL,  
And Singapore's elected president's role is explored as well.

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


Two former employees of Wirecard Asia have been sentenced to jail in Singapore for their roles in abetting Edo Kurniawan to misappropriate S$88,200 and S$223,070 from the company. The company's auditor EY discovered €1.9 billion missing from its accounts in June 2020, revealing a fraudulent inflation of the company's earnings. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/In-first-convictions-for-Wirecard-case-2-former-executives-get-jail-for-helping-to-misappropriate-funds-from-payments-firm)\]

The Association of Women for Action and Research (Aware) recommends that the Workplace Fairness Legislation (WFL) require only a “prima facie” case for employees to provide sufficient initial evidence of discrimination. The WFL should also provide objective criteria to evaluate employers’ actions and emphasise early intervention in resolving workplace conflicts. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Under-reporting-workplace-discrimination-a-far-greater-concern-Forum)\]

The article discusses the unique institution of the elected president in Singapore. The president's role is to safeguard Singapore's reserves and exercise custodial powers as a check on the government. The president must be highly experienced, respected, and a unifying figure. The eligibility criteria for private sector candidates are stringent due to the high stakes involved. The incumbent president can shape the role while remaining apolitical. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Elected-presidency-Selecting-the-right-person-for-a-unique-office-Opinion)\]
