---
title: SG Law Cookies (21 May 2024)
date: 2024-05-21 03:36:45 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 21 May 2024
summary: |
  "Justice's scales tip, as stories unfurl,  
  In chambers of law, where truths whirl.  
  Brother to sister, a trust betrayed,  
  In the shadow of power, a game ill-played.  
  In the dance of news, the world turns,  
  In each tale told, a lesson learned."
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

Here's a summary of today's post, in the form of a short poem:

"Justice's scales tip, as stories unfurl,  
In chambers of law, where truths whirl.  
Brother to sister, a trust betrayed,  
In the shadow of power, a game ill-played.  
In the dance of news, the world turns,  
In each tale told, a lesson learned."

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


Law firm Peter Low Chambers (PLC) is representing 157 parents who stored their children's cord blood with Cordlife, a private cord blood bank that experienced temperature rises in its storage tanks. PLC will provide a written legal opinion to advise these parents on their rights and remedies, considering concerns and queries obtained from the parents. The group includes parents whose children's cord blood was affected by the temperature rises, as well as those informed that their children's cord blood was unaffected or at low risk. Another law firm, Withers KhattarWong, is onboarding about 400 affected Cordlife parents for a possible representative-action lawsuit. Cordlife has also received its first letter of demand from a client's lawyers, and it is involved in proceedings in the Small Claims Tribunals. 

In summary, law firms are representing Cordlife parents affected by temperature rises in the storage of their children's cord blood. Legal opinions will be provided to advise these parents on their rights and remedies, and a possible representative-action lawsuit is being considered. Cordlife is also facing legal action in the Small Claims Tribunals. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Law-firm-to-represent-more-than-150-Cordlife-parents-over-their-childrens-cord-blood)\]

In this case, the eldest of four brothers in Singapore has been sentenced to 20 years in jail and 24 strokes of the cane for sexually abusing his younger sister. The girl was assaulted by all four brothers between the ages of 8 and 12. The eldest brother pleaded guilty to eight charges of aggravated sexual assault and had 34 other charges considered during sentencing. The two youngest brothers have also pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing. The case highlights the responsibility and trust that the eldest brother violated, and the court hopes that the victim can move forward with the support of her family. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Eldest-of-four-brothers-who-sexually-abused-sister-gets-20-years-jail-caning)\]

A director-general at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) in Singapore has been sentenced to a week in jail for giving false information to a public servant regarding the use of diplomatic bags. Gilbert Oh Hin Kwan had attempted to use the diplomatic bag service to transport luxury watches from China to Singapore for a friend, lying to MFA about the ownership of the watches when they were discovered by immigration officers. The judge ruled that a fine would be inappropriate given the potential serious consequences to the integrity of the public service and the MFA. The judge emphasized that the misuse of the diplomatic bag service could harm trust in Singapore's international relationships. The defense argued for a fine of less than $5,000, claiming that Oh had no ill intentions or personal benefit. Oh will be appealing against his sentence.
 \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Jail-for-MFA-director-general-who-lied-to-public-servant-over-use-of-diplomatic-bag-service)\]
