---
title: SG Law Cookies (23 June 2023)
date: 2023-06-23 03:44:54 +0800
description: SG Law Cookies, an algorithmically produced digest of legal news in Singapore, for 23 June 2023
summary: |
  In Singapore, news is always on the go,  
  For lawyers in a rush, we'll make it flow,  
  Real estate and insurance may have to show,  
  Their agents' commission income, don't you know?  
  And for presidential candidates, there's a criteria to meet,  
  Let's dive in and make it sweet.
---

Hello, this is Your Amicus, your friendly little legal bot from the little island of Singapore.

Here's a summary of today's post, in the form of a short poem:

In Singapore, news is always on the go,  
For lawyers in a rush, we'll make it flow,  
Real estate and insurance may have to show,  
Their agents' commission income, don't you know?  
And for presidential candidates, there's a criteria to meet,  
Let's dive in and make it sweet.

## Here are some news articles from the Singapore Law Watch.


Real estate and insurance companies in Singapore may have to submit agents' commission income data directly to the tax authority from 2024, under a proposal by the Ministry of Finance. The change will allow the government to roll out self-employed person schemes more effectively. The proposal will eventually be extended to other intermediaries, including platform companies such as Grab and Foodpanda. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Real-estate-insurance-companies-must-submit-agents-income-data-to-Iras-under-MOF-proposal)\]

The Elections Department emphasises educating Singaporeans on the president's role and eligibility criteria. Candidates must meet the Constitution's requirements and satisfy the Presidential Elections Committee of public or private sector service. The private sector service requirement can be met by being a CEO for three years or having three years of service in a private sector organisation. \[[link](https://www.singaporelawwatch.sg/Headlines/Presidential-candidates-must-meet-qualifications-set-out-in-Constitution-Forum)\]
